Log validation error if validateInvocation function throws (#144)
JupiterOne/integration-sdk: docs/development.md

is common practice to execute a test API call to ensure everything has been
configured properly.

It is assumed that the integration's configuration is valid if the validation
function executes without error. If an error is thrown, a message will be
published to the integration's event log stating that validation has failed.

It is recommended that integration developers throw an
`IntegrationValidationError` with details about why validation has failed in the
error's message. This allows for the error's message to be included in the logs.

Example:

```typescript
import { IntegrationValidationError } from '@jupiterone/integration-sdk';

function validateInvocation(context: IntegrationExecutionContext) {
  const { config } = context.instance;

  if (!config.clientId || !config.clientSecret) {
    throw new IntegrationValidationError(
      'Config requires a clientId and clientSecret to be provided',
    );
  }

>   return validate(config);

Reviewer: I think this should not `return`, as it implies something will be done with the value.

Author: will fix

}
```

> Using the abover examplle, the following message will be logged if the config's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the above example, the following message will be logged if the config's
```

Author: will fix now otherwise I'll forget

`clientId` or `clientSecret` is not set:

`Error occurred while validating integration configuration. (errorCode=CONFIG_VALIDATION_ERROR, errorId=<generated error id>, reason=Config requires a clientId and clientSecret to be provided)`;

Optionally, users can pass in a more specific error code to display when
throwing the error.

```typescript
throw new IntegrationValidationError(
  'Config requires a clientId and clientSecret to be provided',

>   'INVALID_CONFIGURATION',

Reviewer: I wonder how someone will know when to take this option, and what value to provide that would communicate more than can be in the message? I think I would drop this option, and then when we look for `errorCode` in the logs, we'll have a consistent relationship.

Author: I was thinking that validation error codes would be defined on a per integration basis to provide some more useful feedback, but after coming back to this a day later, it doesn't make much sense since the message does that job. Will remove.
